Claude and I have been working over several weeks on a CodeExam tool, originally written in python, now ported to Node.js. I have a revised TODO list that I'd like to work through. There's more detail for each item, but roughly:

1. --build-index command should accept zip/7z/tar/gz/etc. archive files, and use them as basis for the index. If zips are encountered inside of zips, handle recursively. In pathnames in the index, include the zip's path/filename as the first part of the path/filename in the index. Separate the root zip path/filename from path/filename of zip's contents with a '!' delimiter I think.

2. Also for --build-index, when encountering binary executable files (.exe, .dll, .sys, .so, I think .pyd, .class, others), don't ignore as currently implemented. Instead, do the "binstrings" operation on each one to generate .op files to put into the index. I've upload binstrings_2.py to the project. I can upload a sample .op file too. It defaults to using Microsoft's vc++filt.exe to demangle C++ function strings, but that won't work for non-VC mangled C++ func sigs. Some executable formats are actually zip files (.apk I think?), and the files like .class inside them should be given this same treatment (though eventually .class would be decompiled into .java, using JADX or something).

3. Modify --index-path behavior to allow loading multiple indexes into same session, so that all cmds work across all the indexes. At some point, there will be new cmds to compare across indexes, but first iteration will just be getting multiple indexes to work together.

4. I think the Node.js port is not yet using tree-sitter. I think it's all custom regexes right now. Working very well, but we should at least have --use-tree-sitter option do the right thing in JS.

5. The multisect commands currently look for intersection of terms first in a single function, then across multiple functions in the same file, then across multiple files in the same subfolder. This should be modified to also look into single class, after single function/method, and before entire file.

6. Provide a command that shows all call targets, and indicates which are, or are not, inside the codetree. This is the opposite of the current --entry-points and --gaps commands. There will be issues with same-named call targets not being the same, because in different class etc. contexts.

7. I think there are problems now with function/method name ambiguities in cmds like --callees, --callers, --call-chain etc., where same-named functions/methods across classes/files are sometimes assumed to be referring to the same thing. Basically, the handling of overloaded names is somewhat naive.

8. Start moving to GUI. This is a big change. One possibility is HTMX. A friend of mine is working on something called XMLUI. I have notes for look and behavior I can share when we get to this -- likely not for a week perhaps.

There's more, but enough for now as a roadmap for the next week of work. Let me know when you're ready the latest tarball (or let me know if you can already access it, code-exam-phase9d-novocab.tar, 675k, from today 02/23/2026), and then let's discuss before you start with task 1. I'll want you to check in with each after your completion of each task, and before starting next one.
